JinSoul: The concept is totally different with ODD EYE CIRCLE's
JinSoul: I mean... bright...?
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ - Perfect Love"
(JinSoul's cute pose!)
(That cute wink... Is it real...?)
(And Olivia Hye watching JinSoul's wink behind her)
Olivia Hye: Hey~
JinSoul: She's done her hair in apple style.
Olivia Hye: I changed my hair style
Olivia Hye: Do I look young?
(Looks young...maybe...)
Olivia Hye: I think my style is totally tied up with 'Egoist'
Olivia Hye: So I changed it to being more cuter on purpose
Yves: Maybe I will keep maintaining this hair style
JinSoul: Then let me show you the next member to have a photo shoot!
JinSoul: Baton touch!
Olivia Hye: It's not me!
Yves: It's me!
JinSoul: We three are the same height!
Olivia Hye: Right. we're tallest members of LOOΠΔ
Yves: Fighting!
(Yves has a flower)
Yves: It's JinSoul and Olivia Hye~
(So actually she's doing a group photo shoot, not an individual photo shoot!)
(And her beauty shines more brightly even in this hot weather)